Draft/product-reframing (#209)
codesandbox/docs: packages/projects-docs/pages/learn/ai/faqs.mdx

No. Boxy is only available to [Pro subscribers](https://codesandbox.io/pro).

### Is Boxy available for sandboxes?

> No. Boxy is exclusively available in devboxes and repositories. However, you can easily [fork a sandbox into a devbox](/tutorial/convert-browser-sandbox-cloud) to get access to Boxy. This is available through the "sparkles" icon at the bottom of the left sidebar, as seen below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No. Boxy is exclusively available in devboxes and repositories. However, you can easily [convert a Sandbox into a Devbox](/tutorial/convert-browser-sandbox-cloud) to get access to Boxy. This is available through the "Convert to Devbox" button at the top right of the Sandbox editor.
```

> ![Convert browser sandbox](../images/convert-sandbox-from-ai.png)

Reviewer: This needs an update, but I couldn't find the button anymore on stream.
